---
title: Accept new things
date: 2020-03-29 23:00:00
tags: blog
---

Back then, I was working in Panasonic Senai, our top management is looking for an inventory system since our members are doing in a manual way of inventory management that lasted 30 years. They manual verify incoming material and manually enter all data into our ERP system which is SAP system. They manual do the stock check with human counting twice a month. These manual ways of working brought about human errors, inefficiency business processes, and cheating in goods lost. These are big problem for our company, it's very hard to manage and affect our company's profit.

As a software engineer in Panasonic Senai, I was involved in this project to study the current issues and come out with a solution. We make a comparison between in-house development and outsource development. In-house development can save costs but outsource development can save time. After a few discussions with our department manager and top management. Finally, they decided to assign the development to the outsourcing company but we have to maintain and enhance the system in the future. This project was assigned to an outsourcing company which is Deloitte. Deloitte is a UK company and they have a lot of professional SAP consultants, that's why this project took around one million Ringgit Malaysia and implemented within 6 months.

Unfortunately, it happens a lot of issues after implement this system. Our members were frustrated with this new system since they think this new system does not help them to reduce their works but brings more works to them. However, this new system is a good practice and it can help them to prevent human error. I found out that they were frustrated because they didn't want to accept new things and new workflows. It is a big impact on them as they felt very comfortable in their current workflows and they felt very hard to adapt to new technologies. It is a mindset issue that has to solve on mindset, not the system.